Update geth endpoint support (#80)
etherlinkcom/docs: docs/building-on-etherlink/endpoint-support.md

Endpoint | Supported | Notes
--- | --- | ---
`debug_getBadBlocks` | No |
`debug_getRawBlock` | No |
`debug_getRawHeader` | No |
`debug_getRawReceipts` | No |
`debug_getRawTransaction` | No |
`engine_exchangeCapabilities` | No |
`engine_exchangeTransitionConfigurationV1` | No |
`engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV1` | No |
`engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV2` | No |
`engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV3` | No |
`engine_getPayloadBodiesByHashV1` | No |
`engine_getPayloadBodiesByHashV2` | No |
`engine_getPayloadBodiesByRangeV1` | No |
`engine_getPayloadBodiesByRangeV2` | No |
`engine_getPayloadV1` | No |
`engine_getPayloadV2` | No |
`engine_getPayloadV3` | No |
`engine_getPayloadV4` | No |
`engine_newPayloadV1` | No |
`engine_newPayloadV2` | No |
`engine_newPayloadV3` | No |
`engine_newPayloadV4` | No |
`eth_accounts` | Yes | This endpoint always returns an empty list because the Etherlink EVM node does not manage any addresses
`eth_blobBaseFee` | No |
`eth_blockNumber` | Yes |

> `eth_call` | Yes | Etherlink nodes use the standard Ethereum version of the `eth_call` endpoint instead of the Geth version; Ethereum does not support the state override set parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`eth_call` | Yes | Etherlink nodes use the standard Ethereum version of the `eth_call` endpoint instead of the Geth version; we do not support the state override set parameter
```

Or am I interpreting this comment incorrectly?

Author: Yes, I'll change this to "Etherlink does not support..."

`eth_chainId` | Yes |

> `eth_coinbase` | No |

Reviewer: I think we do support it. To be tested on nodes on production.

Author: When I do this:
```
curl https://node.mainnet.etherlink.com -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data '{"method":"eth_coinbase","id":1,"jsonrpc":"2.0"}'
```
I get this error:
```
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","error":{"code":-32004,"message":"Method not supported","data":"eth_coinbase"},"id":1}
```

Reviewer: Looks like it’s not yet deployed by our operator. It’s available on my personal node

```
; curl https://rpc.etherlink.tz.soap.coffee -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data '{"method":"eth_coinbase","id":1,"jsonrpc":"2.0"}'
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"0xcf02b9ca488f8f6f4e28e37aa1bdd16b3f1b2ad8","id":1}
```

Author: Ok, set eth_coinbase to Yes.
